Hypermode Apps (#135)
hypermodeinc/docs: modus/overview.mdx

## What is Modus? {/* vale Google.Contractions = NO */}

> Modus is an open source agent framework (including both a runtime and SDK) built

Reviewer: @johnymontana The fact that we mention WebAssembly so soon in this introduction could give the impression that you need to know WebAssembly to proceed. 

I would say something like: 

Modus is an open source agent framework (including both a runtime and SDK) built for Go and AssemblyScript, compiled to WebAssembly.

| Built-in agent memory       | Support for both short-term and long-term agent memory, powered by knowledge graphs              |
| Agent operations            | Built-in inference logging and traces for agent-level observability                              |
| Serverless scale-to-zero    | Each agent spins up on demand and scales to zero in idle state                                   |
| Fully open source           | No vendor lock-in, but designed for low cold-start times and rapid scaling                       |

<Note>
  Modus is a multi-language framework. It currently includes support for Go and
  AssemblyScript, a WebAssembly compatible TypeScript-like language. Additional
  language support is in development.
</Note>

## When to use Modus

### Rapid prototyping to scaling with confidence

Start with one-line agent definitions using **AgentKit** - no infrastructure
setup, no complex wiring. You get streaming UI, context management, and logging
out of the box. Once your agent logic is solid, deploy via the same framework.
Because agents are WebAssembly based and serverless, they incur zero cost when
idle and start fast under load.

> ### Language-agnostic logic, safely

Reviewer: I wonder if it's worth adding a small demo code block, containing a 'Hello World' function, with Golang and AssemblyScript tabs, so readers can see that we support both runtimes and the different syntax in each implementation.

With WebAssembly's secure isolation environment, define agent behavior in Go or
AssemblyScript. Compile to WebAssembly and Modus runs it securely. Each agent
runs as a lightweight actor: self-contained, message-driven, and supervised by
the runtime.

### Persistent context beyond sessions

> For use-cases like multi-day workflows, personal assistants, tutoring, or
> domain-specific agents (for example ticketing systems), long-term context is
> crucial. Modus provides it without requiring a dedicated database layer. Modus'
> built-in short-term memory handles conversational state and context within
> agents. Connect to long-term graph memory for externalized and persisted, but
> serverless-friendly memory. You gain full "recall" - across sessions and
> workflows- without maintaining stateful servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For use-cases like multi-day workflows, personal assistants, tutoring, or
domain-specific agents (for example ticketing systems), long-term context is
crucial. Modus provides it without requiring a dedicated database layer. Modus'
built-in short-term memory handles conversational state and context within
agents. You gain full "recall" - across sessions and
workflows- without maintaining stateful servers.

<Note>
    Connect to long-term graph memory, such as Dgraph, for externalised and persisted, serverless-friendly storage.
</Note>
```

Here the note about connecting to long term storage felt a bit odd, wdyt about putting it in a note?

### Observability at the functional level

> When you need clarity on _why_ the agent did something, no just _what_ the model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need clarity on _why_ the agent did something, not just _what_ the model
```
